[datadog_incident_type] Add configuration attribute (#3942)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/data-sources/incident_type.md

### Read-Only

- `configuration` (Attributes) The incident type's behavior settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration))
- `description` (String) Description of the incident type.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this incident type is the default type.
- `name` (String) Name of the incident type.

<a id="nestedatt--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Read-Only:

- `allow_incident_deletion` (Boolean) Whether incidents of this type can be deleted.
- `allow_workflows` (Boolean) Whether automation workflows can be triggered for incidents of this type.
- `create_message` (String) An optional message shown to users when they declare an incident of this type.
- `disable_out_of_the_box_postmortem_template` (Boolean) Whether the out-of-the-box postmortem template is disabled for incidents of this type.
- `editable_timestamps` (Boolean) Whether responders can edit incident timestamps for incidents of this type.
- `private_incidents` (Boolean) Whether responders can create private incidents of this type.
- `private_incidents_by_default` (Boolean) Whether incidents of this type are created as private by default.

> - `slug_source` (String) The source used to derive the incident slug (`default` or `servicenow`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `slug_source` (String) The source used to derive the incident slug. When set to `servicenow`, incidents display the ServiceNow record ID instead of the public ID. If no ServiceNow integration exists, the public ID is displayed.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion for consistency with the resource schema's version of the same field (`docs/resources/incident_type.md`).

Source: `data_source_datadog_incident_type.go:76`

Author: Applied — updated the data source slug_source description to this wording (and the resource's to match) in f8a9a3c; docs regenerated.
